Update README.md 2024-11-26 (#19)
astro-group-bristol/black-hole-journal-club: README.md

## Minutes

### 2024-11-26: Fergus
Presented paper:
- [On the Morphology of Relativistically Broadened Line Emission from Axisymmetric Equatorial Accretion Disks](https://arxiv.org/abs/2411.14338) (Gates et al., 2024)
  - Uses geometrically thin, equatorial disk models & describes how to determine emission line morphologies from redshift and accretion disk patterns.
  - Very interesting figures, Fig 1 maps different redshifted emission within in the disk to structure of emission line.
  - Looks at an infinitely far outer disk radius (removing outer-outer and outer-inner paths) then at finite outer disk radius.
  - Critical points dictating central regions

>   - Also compared different topologies for disk models (standard model and Cunningham model - latter changes critical values)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Also compared different disk models: "Cunningham" model (with inter-ISCO contributions), and non-Keplerian (towards slim-disc) models, but keeping the same geometry. Overall effect of Cunningham model can be large depending on inclination, but for non-Keplerian is a stretching of the location of the critical values.
```
